TDP-3632 Add Rosa voice (es_MX) (#386)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/speakSentence.md

| esperanza | es         | female     | Conchita   |
| violeta   | es         | female     | Lucia      |
| jorge     | es         | male       | Enrique    |

> | rosa      | es_MX      | female     | Mia        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| rosa      | es_mx      | female     | Mia        |
```
We should be consistent. I'm also fine with capitalizing all of the country codes, since I think it's more correct.

 * `level`: (optional) defines the strength of emphasis to be applied, accepted values are: `strong`, `moderate` or `reduced`

#### `<lang>`

> Specifies the natural language of the content.  For example, if you use an English American voice to speak a Spanish sentence, it will say the Spanish words with an American accent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the natural language of the content. For example, a voice with an `en_us` locale will pronounce an `es-US` sentence like an American who can't speak Spanish.
```
I think it's important to note that this is more than just an accent (e.g., the difference between `es_mx` and `es_us`).

> Specifies the natural language of the content. If you use a voice with an `en_US` locale and an `es-MX` lang, it will sound like an English-speaking American attempting to speak Spanish.

Reviewer 2: It sounds kind of informal. What if it was something like:
If you use a voice with an `en_US` locale and an `es-MX` lang, it will speak Spanish with an English-speaker accent.
But your english is certainly better than mine so feel free to ignore this. :)

Author: haha, that's basically what I had before but Nick warned against using "accent", which I kinda agreed with.

 * `level`: (optional) defines the strength of emphasis to be applied, accepted values are: `strong`, `moderate` or `reduced`

#### `<lang>`

> Specifies the natural language of the content. If you use a voice with an `en_US` locale, and a `es-MX` lang, it will sound like an American trying to speak Spanish. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the natural language of the content. If you use a voice with an `en_US` locale and an `es-MX` lang, it will sound like an English-speaking American attempting to speak Spanish.
```
This is the combination that sounded like someone who had no idea how Spanish works, right?

Author: well, it sounded like they were trying.  Without the lang it was nonsense
